Risk effects restrictions section (#1190)
ihmeuw/vivarium_research: docs/source/model_design/vivarium_model_components/risk_factors/risk_effects/index.rst

.. image:: mediation_example_bmi.svg

Restrictions
^^^^^^^^^^^^

As with cause models, risk effects models may include restrictions, which answer
the questions: Who does this apply to? For which population groups (e.g., age or sex group)
is this risk effect not valid? 

> It is worth noting that although risk effect and risk exposure both apply to risk factors,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is worth noting that although risk effect and risk exposure both are related to risk factors,
```

Maybe this is a bit clearer? "Apply" feels awkward to me.

> restrictions for these two elements function differently. Risk exposure restrictions does

Reviewer: ```suggestion
restrictions for these two elements function differently. Risk exposure restrictions do
```

    -
  * - Age group end
    - Late neonatal (7-28 days, age_group_id = 3)
    - Except for Neonatal preterm birth; see :ref:`note <note_on_preterm_birth_DALYs>` below

.. _note_on_preterm_birth_DALYs:

.. note::

  GBD attributes 100% of the DALYs due to Neonatal Preterm Birth to the LBWSG
  risk factor. In particular, the attribution includes YLDs as well as YLLs, and
  the age restrictions for the LBWSG-attributable DALYs are the same as the age
  restrictions for Neonatal Preterm Birth.

  * **YLLs due to Neonatal preterm birth**, 100% attributable to LBWSG:

    - Age group start = 2 (Early neonatal, 0-7 days)
    - Age group end = 5 (1 to 4)

  * **YLDs due to Neonatal preterm birth**, 100% attributable to LBWSG:

    - Age group start = 2 (Early neonatal, 0-7 days)
    - Age group end = 235 (95+)

  Note that this attribution of DALYs is **not** based on the relative risks for
  all-cause mortality, but instead is based on the logic that all preterm births
  are due to short gestation by definition. Thus, if we include Neonatal Preterm
  Birth in our models, the relative risks likely must be handled differently for
  this cause.

>   .. todo::

Author: Oh yes it did! Thanks for catching that!
